
11D-ASC Please respond to the items based on your state of mind at the time of your first psychedelic experience.

Response are anchored by "No more than usual" (0%) to "Much more than usual" (100%)


	0	10	20	30	40	50	60	70	80	90	100

Everything seemed to unify into an oneness. ()	 
It seemed to me that my environment and I were one. ()	 
I experienced a touch of eternity. ()	 
Conflicts and contradictions seemed to dissolve. ()	 
I experienced past, present, and future as an oneness. ()	 
I had the feeling of being connected to a superior power. ()	 
I experienced a kind of awe ()	 
My experience had religious aspects. ()	 
I enjoyed boundless pleasure. ()	 
I experienced a profound peace in myself. ()	 
I experienced an all-embracing love. ()	 
I felt very profound. ()	 
I gained clarity into connections that puzzled me before. ()	 
I had very original thoughts. ()	 
It seemed to me as though I did not have a body anymore. ()	 
I had the feeling of being outside of my body. ()	 
I felt as though I were floating. ()	 
I felt like a marionette. ()	 
I had difficulty making even the smallest decision. ()	 
I had difficulty in distinguishing important from unimportant things. ()	 
I felt as though I were paralyzed. ()	 
I felt isolated from everything and everyone. ()	 
I was not able to complete a thought, my thought repeatedly became disconnected. ()	 
I had the feeling that I no longer had a will of my own. ()	 
I was afraid that the state I was in would last forever. ()	 
I was afraid without being able to say exactly why. ()	 
I experienced everything terrifyingly distorted. ()	 
I experienced my surroundings as strange and weird. ()	 
I felt threatened. ()	 
I had the feeling something horrible would happen ()	 
I saw scenes rolling by in total darkness or with my eyes closed. ()	 
I could see pictures from my past or fantasy extremely clearly. ()	 
My imagination was extremely vivid. ()	 
I saw regular patterns in complete darkness or with closed eyes. ()	 
I saw colors before me in total darkness or with closed eyes. ()	 
I saw lights or flashes of light in total darkness or with closed eyes. ()	 
Noises seemed to influence what I saw. ()	 
The shapes of things seemed to change by sounds and noises. ()	 
The colors of things seemed to be changed by sounds and noises. ()	 
Everyday things gained a special meaning. ()	 
Things around me had a new strange meaning for me. ()	 
Objects around me engaged me emotionally much more than usual. ()	 

