
PsydelSub_Experience Have you had an experience with a psychedelic substance?  
   
For the purposes of this survey, "classic psychedelic" means only psilocybin mushrooms (magic mushrooms, shrooms), LSD (acid), mescaline (including Peyote and San Pedro cacti), Ayahuasca, N,N-DMT, or 5-MeO-DMT.
Yes  (1)
No  (0)


Display This Question:
If Have you had an experience with a psychedelic substance?   For the purposes of this survey, "clas... = No

Disqualify_1 Thank you for your interest in this survey. Unfortunately you do not meet criteria to continue with this survey. We regularly do surveys on a variety of topics related to psychedelics, and you may be appropriate for surveys in the future.   You can learn more about ongoing research at https://hopkinspsychedelic.org/ .



FirstPyschedelExp Please take a moment to remember your first psychedelic experience. This experience should be the first time you felt the effects of a psychedelic. This should be a normal dose (i.e., not a microdose). 
   
As a reminder, for the purposes of this survey, "classic psychedelic" means only psilocybin mushrooms, LSD (acid), mescaline (including Peyote and San Pedro cacti), Ayahuasca, N,N-DMT, or 5-MeO-DMT.  
   
Can you remember your first psychedelic experience?
Yes  (1)
No  (2)


Display This Question:
If Have you had an experience with a psychedelic substance?   For the purposes of this survey, "clas... = No

Disqualify_2 Thank you for your interest in this survey. Unfortunately, you do not meet criteria to continue with this survey. We regularly do surveys on a variety of topics related to psychedelics, and you may be appropriate for surveys in the future.   You can learn more about ongoing research at https://hopkinspsychedelic.org/ .



NumPsychedelExp How many times in your life have you taken a classic psychedelic? Please do not count microdoses (very low doses with minimal subjective effects). 
   
If needed, please take your best guess. As a reminder, for the purposes of this survey, "classic psychedelic" means only psilocybin mushrooms, LSD (acid), mescaline (including Peyote and San Pedro cacti), Ayahuasca,  N,N-DMT, or 5-MeO-DMT.
▼ 1 (1) ... 101+ (101)



Age_firstpsychedelex How old were you when you had your first psychedelic experience?
▼ 2 (2) ... 101+ (101)
