
Consent_intro Welcome to this survey about your first psychedelic experience!



Consent_choice Introduction 
You have been invited to participate in a study about your emotions, beliefs, behaviors, and experiences related to using a drug.  
   
Volunteer Status  
Your participation in the study is completely voluntary. You are free to withdraw from participating at any time.   
   
Purpose  
The purpose of this study is to examine aspects of experiences with drugs.  
   
Procedure  
In this study, you will be asked to complete a series of questionnaires in online surveys and to think about aspects of your emotions, beliefs, behaviors, and experiences.  
   
Confidentiality  
Your identity and data will be kept completely confidential. Your data from the study will be coded with a randomly assigned identification number. No personally identifying information will be disclosed, even in the event of publication of this research. The data that you contribute will be kept in a secure location, and only the experimenters will have access to it. You will not be asked for any identifying information.  
   
Risks  
The assignments and questions involved in this study generally refer to feelings and activities most people experience in their daily life. There are minimal risks involved in this study. If, for any reason, you feel uncomfortable with any aspect of this study, please contact the Johns Hopkins Yaden Lab at YadenLab@jhmi.edu.  
   
Benefits  
As a result of being in this study, you may gain awareness of aspects of your emotions, beliefs, behaviors, and experiences.   
   
For Further Information   
If you have questions, concerns, or complaints about the study please contact the Johns Hopkins Yaden Lab at YadenLab@jhmi.edu. If a member of the research team cannot be reached or you want to talk to someone other than those working on the study, you may contact the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine Institutional Review Board at jhmeirb@jhmi.edu.   
   
Participant Statement:   
I have read the explanation provided to me. I have had all my questions answered to my satisfaction, and I voluntarily agree to participate in this study.
Agree  (1)
Disagree  (0)
